GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

These general terms and conditions apply to the Services pursuant to the Letter recording the Services and including these general terms and conditions or incorporating them by reference.

1. Definitions

In this Services Contract, the words standing in the first column of the table next hereinafter contained shall bear the meanings set opposite to them respectively in the second column thereof, if not inconsistent with the subject or context:

Business Day
Any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday declared as such in Mauritius.

Confidential Information
All confidential and proprietary information in respect of the Parties’ respective business affairs and technologies disclosed by one Party (“Disclosing Party”) to another Party (“Receiving Party”) whether prior to or after the effective date of this Services Contract, excluding information which now or hereafter becomes, through no act or omission on the part of the Receiving Party, generally known or available to the public; or was acquired by the Receiving Party before receiving such information from the Disclosing Party and without restriction as to use or disclosure.

Group Member
In relation to ExampleCO Ltd, an entity which is a subsidiary or holding Entity of ExampleCO Ltd or a subsidiary of ExampleCO Ltd's holding Entity, or in relation to the shareholders and ultimate beneficial owners of ExampleCO Ltd, an entity in which he is the majority shareholder and which is controlled by him.

EC or We (or derivatives)
ExampleCO Ltd

EC Persons
EC and, each and all of our directors, officers, employees and agents as the case may be, together with any other body or entity defined as Group Member and each and all of its directors, officers, employees and agents and "EC person" shall mean any one of them.

Other Recipients
Any and each person or entity which you and we have agreed to receive or benefit from the Services or any product thereof and has been identified in the Letter as such and who has agreed to be bound by this Services Contract.

Services
The services to be delivered by EC Persons under the Letter.

Services Contract
The Letter and the general terms and conditions as may be amended from time to time.

You (and derivatives)
The client and/or the entity as identified in the Letter and on whose behalf the Letter is signed.

Personal Data
Personal Data refers to all information that has been provided by the Company and/or Client relating to an individual.

2. Services of ExampleCO

2.1
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, you hereby engage EC to provide to the Entity the Services as defined in the Letter, as may be amended and agreed upon by the Entity and ExampleCO from time to time.

2.2
In the performance of this Services Contract, EC and EC Persons shall not act in any manner which they reasonably consider may expose them to any liability or risk of prosecution in any jurisdiction or which may otherwise be illegal or unlawful.

2.3
In the exercise of its powers, duties, authorities and discretion in relation to the Entity or in the performance of the Services, the Entity and you agree that EC shall have the right to delegate or outsource part or all of the Services or duties under this Services Contract, without your approval and/or that of the Entity.

2.4
You shall not, directly or indirectly entice away or endeavour to entice away or hire any EC Person who is employed or appointed by EC during the period of this contract and for a period of 12 months following termination of this contract. Should you breach this covenant, you shall pay EC damages representing twice the Fees. You acknowledge that the prohibition and restriction contained in this clause are reasonable in the circumstances and necessary to protect the business of EC.

3. Undertakings of ExampleCO

3.1
In the event ExampleCO holds shares in the Entity in a nominee capacity, you agree that such shares may be dealt with or disposed of in the manner ExampleCO deems fit to do so. You also agree that ExampleCO may equally decline to continue to offer nominee services.

3.2
You agree that ExampleCO may submit its resignation as Management Company with power to appoint the beneficial owner of the Entity as director in its place. Such an action will act as a safeguard for ExampleCO in the event of non-payment of fees or discovery of unsatisfactory behaviour.

3.3
Where the Entity is to be transferred from ExampleCO to another Management Company, ExampleCO shall undertake the appropriate transfer procedures without undue delay. ExampleCO shall ensure that the resignations of existing directors are effected immediately and a meeting of the Entity be convened to approve the afore-mentioned resignations. Such action will enable the new Management Company to ensure that the new directors be appointed in the speediest and most convenient manner.

4. Your responsibilities

4.1
You shall supply promptly all information (electronic or otherwise) and assistance and all access to documentation to enable us to deliver the Services and you shall inform us of any amendment in the information submitted or developments during the duration of the Services Contract, which may have a bearing on or be relevant to the Services. Any failure to provide the relevant documents or information to enable ExampleCO to provide the Services shall render yourself and/or the Entity solely liable for such omission and you and the Entity shall be held accountable for the incapacity of ExampleCO to act on your instructions.

4.2
You shall reply promptly to our queries to enable us to comply with statutory obligations relating to the provisions of any applicable law.

4.3
You shall be responsible and accountable for any decision in respect of the Services delivered or any use of the product of the Services (including implementation of any recommendation). You shall also ensure that adequate arrangements are made for access, security procedures and consents (without any cost to us) are granted to us to perform the Services at such premises where the nature of the Services is such that it is likely to be more efficient for us to perform work at such premises.

4.4
We may rely or act on any instructions or information, whether orally or in writing, given by any person who we know to or reasonably believe to be authorised by you to communicate with us for such purposes (the “Authorised Person”).

4.5
In relation to instructions, purporting to come from you or Authorised Person, by way of telephone messages, facsimile messages, email messages and not bearing an original signature and/or by way of other means of communication through both instant messaging and chat, including but not limited to Skype, Google mail, Yahoo mail (the “Instructions”), and without requiring any prerequisite written confirmation prior to acting thereon, you formally and unreservedly confirm that:

(a) We are authorised to act upon any Instructions which we, in our sole and absolute discretion, reasonably believe to emanate from you or Authorised Person;

(b) We shall not be liable for having acted in good faith upon Instructions purporting to come from you or Authorised Person but which are, subsequently discovered to, or may, emanate from unauthorised individuals or in any other circumstances whatsoever; and

(c) We shall not be under any duty or obligation to verify the authenticity of any Instructions and the identity of the person or persons sending any Instructions purportedly made on your behalf or the genuineness of the said Instructions. Any transactions processed pursuant to any Instructions shall be binding on all intents and purposes upon you.

4.6
We shall be held indemnified at all times against, and saved harmless from all actions, proceedings, claims, loss, damage, costs and expenses which may be brought against us or suffered or incurred by us and which
shall have arisen either directly or indirectly, out of or in connection with us accepting and acting upon instructions purporting to emanate from you or Authorised Person, whether or not same are confirmed in writing by you or Authorised Person.

4.7
In connection with the processing of your information through our systems and IT facilities, you agree that your data (including confidential information) may be transferred across territorial boundaries and processed or stored in remote locations. We shall take reasonable steps to preserve the confidentiality of such data.

4.8
In the performance or delivery of Services, EC Persons are hereby expressly authorised to process personal data (i.e., any information relating to an individual) on your behalf in accordance with this clause. We shall act on your instructions when processing personal data, save as required by law, or under our competent court or any regulation for professional requirement. Where we do so, we shall adopt adequate measures against unauthorised or unlawful processing of Personal Data and against accidental loss, destruction, alteration of, or damage to personal data.

4.9
You acknowledge and agree that EC, by providing the Services, neither takes your place nor any third party's place, nor releases you from any of your obligations, nor otherwise assumes to discharge any of your responsibilities or duties to any third party or that of any third party to you.

5. Conflicts

5.1
You agree having no objection that we or other EC persons may be appointed to advise another person or entity whose interests compete with yours directly or indirectly in relation to the subject-matter of the Letter or to provide Services to such person or entity. In such a case, we shall adopt adequate measures to ensure that confidentiality is maintained in all respects.

6. Due Diligence Obligations

6.1
You and the Entity acknowledge the obligations under the laws of Mauritius to prevent money laundering and terrorist financing. You confirm and undertake that any funds/assets invested in the Entity are of legitimate source and are not the proceeds of crime, money laundering or any other illicit activities.

6.2
You and the Entity recognize that the Entity shall in no way be used in connection with or to further terrorism, money laundering or other related criminal activities and has not and shall not be settled with the intention of defrauding any person or institution and will not undertake any activities that is unlawful or contrary to public interest or that may cause prejudice to the good repute of Mauritius as a centre for financial services.

6.3
You and the Entity undertake to provide to EC such documents/information that EC may from time to time require to comply with any applicable anti-money laundering legislations and requirements (including the Anti-Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism Handbook issued by the FSC and any amendment thereto) or its internal procedure relating to your due diligence requirements, the Entity and its officers.

6.4
You and the Entity shall make available to EC adequate records and information relating to the business and operational activities of the Entity, including but not limited to a copy of all due diligence documents, customer files, account files, business correspondence, transactions and information related to the business relationship that the Entity is or shall be engaged into.

6.5
You and the Entity undertake to provide a copy of all supporting documents and agreements that justify all payments and transfers made or to be made in the bank account(s) of the Entity, whenever a transaction takes place therein and certify that such supporting documents are true, correct and complete in every respect.

6.6
In view of the accounting and filing obligations of the Entity and in the event EC is not the latter's appointed accountant, you and/or the Entity agree to provide to EC a copy of the accounting records, tax returns or other relevant papers prepared and filed with the authorities.

6.7
Any failure to provide the due diligence or any other KYC documents shall render yourself and/or the Entity solely liable for non-compliance with the regulatory norms and you and the Entity shall be held accountable for putting into jeopardy the licence or authorisation of the Entity to operate.

6.8
You and the Entity acknowledge that EC may be requested to disclose the identity of the beneficial owner and/or shareholder of the Entity, and provide identification documents or such other due diligence documents or information that may be required by the relevant authorities and declare having no objection for that information to be submitted to the latter.

6.9
You and the Entity consent to the release of any documents or other information provided to EC to any governmental authorities or other persons to whom EC is lawfully required to release such information. EC shall not assume any responsibility or accept any liability to any third party for the contents of any such document.

7. Data Protection

7.1
ExampleCO shall, in relation to:

(i)
Personal Data provided by the client and/or the entity at the time of registration, act as a data controller,

(ii)
Personal Data collected and processed while the entity uses the Services provided by ExampleCO, act as a data processor, and

(iii)
Personal Data further processed in order to comply with relevant local laws and regulations, act as a data controller.

7.2
The client and/or the entity acknowledge their obligations under applicable data protection laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Data Protection Act (DPA).

7.3
The client and/or the entity acknowledge having received, read and understood ExampleCO's Group Privacy Notice which sets out how ExampleCO may collect and process personal data in accordance with the GDPR and the DPA.

8. Financial Considerations

8.1
In consideration for the Services to be performed by EC under the Services Contract, EC shall claim and you or the Entity shall pay the Fees as agreed between the Parties and indicated in the Letter. For the purpose of the Services Contract, all part payments or full payments of the Fees shall be deemed to be professional fees contractually owed to EC prior to any payment due to Government authorities including but not limited to the Registrar of Companies, Financial Services Commission and Mauritius Revenue Authority.

8.2
In addition to the Fees, you and/or the Entity shall be responsible for the payment of all disbursements, charges, taxes and duties whatsoever and shall reimburse EC all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses such as telephone, fax, postage, stationery and expenses of a similar nature as EC may properly incur in the execution of the Services.

8.3
The Fees shall be valid for a period of one year after the execution of the Services Contract. Thereafter, the Fees shall be revised annually as per the internal policy of EC. Such revised Fees shall be duly communicated to you and the Entity by giving a written notice within fourteen (14) Business Days of such revision.

8.4
Should you and/or the Entity not be agreeable to the revised Fees, a written objection must be communicated within fourteen (14) Business Days of the receipt of the notice under Clause 8.3. In the absence of such written objection, EC shall consider that the revised Fees are acceptable by you and the Entity.

8.5
Any Services outside the scope of the Services Contract shall be charged for separately as agreed between EC and you and/or the Entity.

8.6
You and/or the Entity shall ensure that there shall be sufficient funds in the bank account(s) of the Entity to honour its payment obligations towards EC as and when they fall due.

8.7
You and/or the Entity shall do, execute, acknowledge and deliver or cause to be done, executed, acknowledged or delivered all such further acts, deeds, documents, assignments, transfers as may be reasonably necessary or desirable to effect complete payment of the Fees payable to EC.

8.8
Without prejudice to the generality of this clause, you and the Entity further confirm that you shall complete all the necessary formalities to allow the swift payment of the Fees to EC and hereby authorise EC to debit your bank account or that of the Entity, with the amount claimed by EC as the Fees payable.

8.9
Failure by you or the Entity to pay the Fees and/or any disbursements or expenses due to EC within one (1) month of the invoice date shall render you and/or the Entity liable to pay a penalty of five per cent (5%) on the amount invoiced for each calendar day of non-payment.

8.10
EC shall have the right to cease the provision of any or all the Services herein mentioned to the Entity and/or terminate the Services Contract without notice if you and/or the Entity does not settle their paying obligations under the Services Contract within three (3) months of the receipt of the invoice or within any further period as EC may have subsequently approved in writing.

9. Exclusions and limitations on our liability

9.1
The liability to you and to Other Recipients of each and all EC Persons (in contract or tort or under statute or otherwise), for any economic loss (indirect or consequential or damage (including loss of profits) suffered by you (or by any such other party), arising from or in connection with the Services, however the economic loss or damage is caused, including our negligence but excluding our wilful misconduct, shall be excluded. Our liability in connection with the Services shall be excluded or limited in accordance with this clause and at all times shall be limited to an amount not exceeding the Fees received by EC for the year in which the cause of action has arisen.

9.2
Notwithstanding the foregoing, EC Persons shall not be liable for any delayed, partial or complete non-performance of the Services arising directly or indirectly from failure by you:

(a)
to comply with any of your obligations; or

(b)
to provide prompt, clear, complete or correct information.

9.3
You and Other Recipients shall not bring any claim personally against any officer or agent, as the case may be, of EC or of EC Persons or anybody associated with us, in respect of loss or damage suffered by you or by Other Recipients arising out of or in connection with the Services Contract (including the Services).

10. Confidentiality

10.1
The Receiving Party shall keep the Confidential Information confidential and shall only use the Confidential Information in the performance of its duties under this Services Contract.

10.2
Except with the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party shall:

10.2.1
not disclose or make available the Confidential Information in whole or in part to any third party, except as expressly permitted by this Services Contract;

10.2.2
not directly or indirectly use the Confidential Information or any aspect thereof, except and solely in relation to the performance of the Services Contract;

10.2.3
not copy, reduce to writing or otherwise record the Confidential Information except as strictly necessary for the execution of this Services Contract (and any such copies, reductions to writing and records shall be the property of the Disclosing Party); and

10.2.4
use the same degree of care in safeguarding the Confidential Information as it uses for its own
confidential information, which the Receiving Party warrants as providing adequate protection from unauthorised disclosure, copying or use.

10.3
The Receiving Party may disclose the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information to its employees or authorised representatives who need to know this Confidential Information for the provision of the Services, provided that:

10.3.1
it informs its employees or authorised representatives of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information before disclosure;

10.3.2
it procures that its employees or authorised representatives shall, in relation to any Confidential Information disclosed to them, comply with this Services Contract as if they were the recipient;

10.3.3
upon discovery of any disclosure or misuse of Confidential Information, the Receiving Party shall notify the Disclosing Party and shall act to prevent any further disclosure or misuse; and

10.3.4
it shall at all times be liable for the failure of any employee or authorised representatives to comply with the terms of this Services Contract.

10.4
Subject to 10.1 above, none of the Parties hereto shall (except under compulsion of law or in accordance with laws, rules, regulations or directives from the competent authorities) either before or after the termination of this Services Contract disclose to any person not authorised by the relevant Party to receive any Confidential Information.

11. Termination

11.1
The term of the Services Contract shall commence on the first date indicated above and shall continue in full force for an indefinite period thereafter until terminated by mutual agreement of the Parties or by either Party upon serving a minimum of 3 months’ written notice to the other Party.

EC may, by delivering written notice thereof to the other Party, terminate the Services Contract, effective immediately, if the other Party hereto:

11.1.1
commits a material breach of its duties and obligations under the Services Contract, which breach is not cured within fourteen (14) Business Days following written notice of such breach from EC; or

11.1.2
is declared bankrupt or insolvent, is wound up or being put under Court controlled management or being the subject of a similar measure; or

11.1.3
has caused EC to believe on reasonable grounds that, by continuing to act for the Entity, it may breach the professional conduct rules existing in the global business and financial industry.
11.2
Upon termination hereof of this Services Contract, you or the Entity shall promptly pay to EC all Fees, disbursements and expenses due and demandable and payable as at the date of termination. EC shall not reimburse or refund any Fee which has already been paid to it in advance prior to the termination of the Services Contract.

11.3
This Services Contract shall be executed in good faith by EC and yourself and the Entity. In the event of you and/or the Entity terminating the Services Contract, it shall be liable to pay an exit fee at an hourly rate of USD 150 for the following tasks:

(i)
liaising with the incoming management company;

(ii)
filing the required documents with the regulatory authorities;

(iii)
preparing the files and records for proper handing over to the incoming management company; and

(iv)
making copies of the files and records maintained by EC in light of the statutory obligation to retain documentation for 7 years.

11.4
Such exit fee shall be payable before the moving of the files from the premises and offices of EC.

12. Notices

12.1
Any notice, request, order, consent or approval required or permitted by this Services Contract shall be deemed to have been duly delivered if delivered by hand or posted to the registered address of the Parties or facsimile transmission or electronic mail to the address of the other Party as specified in this Services Contract or any other address notified in writing to the other Party.

12.2
Subject to any applicable local law provisions to the contrary, any such communication shall be deemed to have been made to the other Party, if delivered by:

12.2.1
post, two (2) days from the date of posting;

12.2.2
hand or by facsimile transmission, on the date of such delivery or transmission; and

12.2.3
electronic mail, when the Party sending such communication does not receive any delivery failure mail.

13. Dispute Resolution

13.1
Should any dispute arise out of this Services Contract or in connection thereof, a meeting shall be convened, in person or via electronic means, in order to resolve such dispute through bona fide negotiation. If a dispute has not been resolved within fourteen (14) Business Days of the date of the meeting referred to in Clause 13.1, the matter shall be referred to arbitration by means of a notice of arbitration given by any Party to the other.

13.2
The matter in dispute shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration administered by the Arbitration and Mediation Center of the Mauritius Chamber of Commerce and Industry (MARC) under the MARC Arbitration Rules in force when the Request for Arbitration is submitted.

13.3
The seat of Arbitration shall be Mauritius.

13.4
The law of this arbitration clause shall be Mauritius Law.

13.5
The number of Arbitrators shall be one (1).

13.6
The Arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in English.

13.7
The arbitrator shall determine the allocation of the costs and expenses of the arbitration, including the arbitrator’s fee and both parties’ attorneys’ fees and expenses, based upon the extent to which each party prevailed in the arbitration.

13.8
By signing this Services Contract, the Parties irrevocably consent to any arbitration proceedings in terms of this clause and no Party shall be entitled to withdraw from such proceedings nor claim at such proceedings that they are not bound by this clause.

13.9
This clause constitutes a separate agreement which is severable from the remainder of this Services Contract and shall remain in effect despite the termination or invalidity of this Services Contract for any reason.

14. Force Majeure Event

14.1
Neither Party shall be liable to the other for any failure to fulfil its obligations under this Services Contract resulting solely from force majeure defined for the purposes hereof as events and actions that are outside the reasonable control of either Party, and that could not be predicted avoided, and which prevented the Party from the performance hereof.

15. Entire Agreement

15.1
This Services Contract may be executed in counterparts in order to provide each Party hereto with a fully executed original hereof. This Services Contract reflects the complete understanding of the Parties as of the date hereof and constitutes their entire agreement regarding the subject matter hereof, all prior negotiations, representations and declarations having been merged herein.

16. Amendments

16.1
This Services Contract shall not be amended or otherwise modified without the unanimous written consent of the Parties hereto.
17. Assignment

17.1
This Services Contract shall be binding upon and inure to the benefits of the Parties hereto and their respective successors and assignees.

18. Waiver

18.1
Failure to exercise or delay in exercising a right or remedy under this Services Contract or under the law shall not constitute a waiver of such right or remedy nor single or partial exercise of any such right or remedy shall prevent any further exercise of such right or remedy.

19. Severability

19.1
In the event that any part, term or provision of this Services Contract shall be held to be illegal or finally determined to be unenforceable, the validity of the remainder of this Services Contract shall be unaffected thereby and shall be enforceable in accordance with the remainder of its forces as if the offending clause were not part hereof.

20. Governing Law

20.1
The Services Contract shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Mauritius.
